that all the people around the world
welcome to is a bird guide and in
this time we are going to see our raccoon
Favourite
Rocket Good Roque is the character that
flag in this last tournament that comes
being raccoon this map chi minh the
planet hardware that is like a colony
abandoned for the mentally ill and therefore
the pets that were there gave them
enough intelligence to be able to be
as smart as a human being and
apart you can walk on two legs the idea
to do this was that the character's
characters that did this to him that were
several types of animals not only the
raccoon there were also toads had
horses until rabbits is that they were the
guardians of those on the thrones of the
internal and then rocks came being the
security chief
later on when all that kind of
saga where he was the head of security
ends join the guardians of the
galaxy good rocket your skills
because they are those of a normal raccoon is a
raccoon of human intelligence that
because it's been a sense of touch
as a higher sense of smell and therefore
that's an expert pilot and it's also
an excellent shooter
now talking about what has been what
that is in the game good this
character is special is very different to
any other character his passive
that is easy trigger is that it joins the
Sequential attacks or counterattacks of
another ally what are these
good for example captain america that
he makes counterattacks when he is beaten
or for example ecuador war machine
gives more than one attack the second attack
but he does it with the first skill
banking
that the first attack is important
punk good bank creates pain which
increases the damage received by 8% then
somehow you can reach
use as some pretty strategy
elaborated
then what we have to know
also of this character is that all
that skill is a quick action like
can see fast action then so
It would seem absurd not good when this
character starts the game starts with
three ammunition cells and instead of
raise the stamina you can increase
three more the ammunition cells but
the top is being in 105 for example
it is updated one used three and
five ammunition then
you can decide to start and throw three
times bank
the enemy is going to have this pain for
three and is 24 percent more damage
as fast fractions after
use once go and two kill you
because that way I would use all three or
you just start with the bread one bank
and you could see what else
we can see its base of states is this
normally in attack and precision lacks
of life and lacks defense but if
what we want is to do a lot of damage we have
comment on the attack and the accuracy and if
we want to do it balance now we have
that raise the attack and defense life
now to give you an idea of how
this character works in a battle
Well, we are going to use the only battle
where there are those who will endure
the enemies that are being here with
captain america who does
counterattacks and rocker let's start
to show them a bit of its potential
while this starts his third attack
its main function is that there will be
a 50 percent chance that
you write the attacks remotely and the
1000 which means that you're going to attack
of energy or types so do not dodge them
simply those that are physical
and finally his fourth attack makes
damage between more negative states have
the enemy as you can see
it is very likely that he will react with
this skill with the counterattack of
the sequential attacks in my opinion is
like 80 to 90 percent of equipment
what happens if they are fixed
it's almost certainly going to be another
sequential attack and the raccoon
then join them all three of the
Three stacks of pain is pretty
simple for example here I already have it
just two ammunition or increase it to
five how can you see that that is the top
insular
as you can see it is always good not
always but sometimes like 80 to 90
percent there is one to the
counterattacks then if we want
use it in bp because you have to think about
characters that see counterattacks like
colossus
in fact any infiltrate too
with filtradores and if pérez a contrata
can also work but there are
several options this extending from the
fabric as well as a little head and see
which is the best good chance alone
let's write the rocker potential
I hope this guide has served us
we see in the next